# A-Dataset-of-Customer-Complaint-Handling-for-Catering-Service-Robot
A Dataset of Customer Complaint Handling for Catering Service Robot

Catering service robot is widely applied to restaurants to replace the works of the restaurant staffs partially. Limited by the degree of intelligence, these robots in the market can only handle relatively simple services such as ordering dishes, obstacle avoidance and food delivery, etc. For some complex tasks, such as dealing with customer complaints, human services are still needed. In order to equip the catering service robot with the intelligence of customer complaint handling, in this paper, we conduct a dataset collection work from restaurant chains of two brands over four years. As a result, we collect a dataset containing thousands of complaint cases. These complaint cases involve the whole stages of dining service, specifically contain include complaint attributes, complaint description and complaint handling result, etc. This dataset bridges the lack of detailed industrial customer complaint handling data in the dining service of high-end restaurants, which is very valuable for the development of catering service robot. To our best knowledge, the rich dataset reported in this paper is the ﬁrst comprehensive study of customer complaint handling in an industrial service management context. In addition, this dataset may help lead to more realistic complaint handling theoretic and analytic studies and more effective knowledge approaches for complaint handling recommendation.
